Clarify the interaction between Slack notification services and YAML notify (#2862)
buildkite/docs: pages/integrations/slack.md

With the configuration above, you'll receive notifications at the pipeline level but not on the outcomes of individual steps. The **fixed builds** option ensures you're notified when a failed build next passes.

> 🚧

> > To avoid duplicate notifications, if you're using the [`notify` YAML attribute](/docs/pipelines/notifications) for more fine grained control over your Slack notifications make sure you've selected the **Only Some Pipelines...** option and excluded that pipeline from receiving the default notifications.

Reviewer: Thanks @mhaylock for this contribution! 🎉 

Just a minor wording tweak...

```suggestion
> To avoid duplicate notifications, if you're using the [`notify` YAML attribute](/docs/pipelines/notifications) for more fine grained control over your Slack notifications, ensure you've selected the **Only Some Pipelines...** option and have excluded that pipeline from receiving the default notifications.
```
